README.md, before:

# Fence Calculator

## Description

This website uses HTML, CSS, and JS to determine the estimate cost of building a fence in North America. The fence calculator takes the fence length, post spacing, fence height, post height, railings per section, picket width, and picket spacing as parameters   


Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

- What was your motivation?
- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
- What problem does it solve?
- What did you learn?


## Installation

Open the HTML browser and input the length of your fence and amount of corners. These input fields will provide the user with a fence cost estimate that is up to Ontario provincial code.

## User Story

As a prior deck and fence contractor, I noticed the subpar quality of all websites providing fence estimates. I wanted to understand where the limitations lie, so that I may provide the user with an easy to use fence calculator that even has accessible UI. Specifically, certain websites did not provide multiple fencing options such as a 4x4 post or a 6x6 post. In certain areas, building code regulations are different and require specific materials. 

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use.

![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)


## Credits

Trent Dickson

Sal Hobbi

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

## Features

<li>Ontario building code</li>
<li>Fence estimates</li>
<li>Wood sourced from sustainable sources</li>

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application.

Commit message:

JS functions necessary to run the materials estimate and cost estimate

README.md, after:

# Fence Calculator

## Description

This website uses HTML, CSS, and JS to determine the estimate cost of building a fence in North America. The fence calculator takes the fence length, post spacing, fence height, post height, railings per section, picket width, and picket spacing as parameters   

I wanted to create a simple fence calculator that could produce a price estimate in less than a minute.

There are many fence calculators to draw inspiration from and I found it helpful to learn server-side APIs.

## Installation

Open the HTML browser and input the length of your fence and amount of corners. These input fields will provide the user with a fence cost estimate that is up to Ontario provincial code.

## User Story

As a prior deck and fence contractor, I noticed the subpar quality of all websites providing fence estimates. I wanted to understand where the limitations lie, so that I may provide the user with an easy to use fence calculator that even has accessible UI. Specifically, certain websites did not provide multiple fencing options such as a 4x4 post or a 6x6 post. In certain areas, building code regulations are different and require specific materials. 

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use.

![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)


## Credits

Trent Dickson

Sal Hobbi

SerpAPI [https://serpapi.com/]

Fence Calculator [https://www.omnicalculator.com/construction/fence]


## Features

<li>Ontario building code</li>
<li>Fence estimates</li>
<li>Wood sourced from sustainable sources</li>

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application.

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2022] [Trent Dickson]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---
